Add token-based auth method to the Magnum CAPI Helm doc (#1758)
stackhpc/stackhpc-kayobe-config: doc/source/configuration/magnum-capi.rst

- Install the required components on the HA cluster to manage Magnum user clusters

> Once the seed VM has been provisioned, it can be accessed via SSH by running ``./bin/seed-ssh`` from the root of the azimuth-config repository. Within the seed VM, the k3s cluster and the HA cluster can both be accessed using the pre-installed ``kubectl`` and ``helm`` command line tools. Both of these tools will target the k3s cluster by default; however, the ``kubeconfig`` file for the HA cluster can be found in the seed's home directory (named e.g. ``kubeconfig-capi-mgmt-<site-specific-name>.yaml``). This file can contain two types of authentication configurations:
> Client Certificate-Based Authentication configuration which is valid for a limited period (typically one year). Once expired, the certificate must be manually refreshed, which can lead to operational overhead. As an alternative, a token-based kubeconfig can be created by generating a ServiceAccount with appropriate ClusterRole permissions and embedding its token in a kubeconfig. This method provides a long-lived, non-expiring authentication without any manual intervention required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the seed VM has been provisioned, it can be accessed via SSH by running ``./bin/seed-ssh`` from the root of the azimuth-config repository. Within the seed VM, the k3s cluster and the HA cluster can both be accessed using the pre-installed ``kubectl`` and ``helm`` command line tools. Both of these tools will target the k3s cluster by default; however, the ``kubeconfig`` file for the HA cluster can be found in the seed's home directory (named e.g. ``kubeconfig-capi-mgmt-<site-specific-name>.yaml``). 

This file can contain two types of authentication configuration:

- Certificate-based authentication which is valid for a limited period (typically one year). The certificate must be manually refreshed before it expires, which can lead to undesirable operational overhead.

- A service account and corresponding token-based kubeconfig with appropriate Kubernetes RBAC permissions. This method provides a long-lived, non-expiring authentication and should be preferred where possible. This option can be enabled by setting `capi_cluster_service_account_enabled: true` in the azimuth-config repository (this is the default behaviour when using the capi-mgmt mixin environment).
```
